A story that really shows what it's like to be in the military, I have
to say will be Oliver Stone's Full Metal Jacket. If you haven't watched
it, go ahead and watch it because then you'll understand what boot
camp is like, and the time that he had after the boot camp scene
was during a war and it depends on when you're watching this whether
you are in a war or not, but I think everything from the way that they
talk to each other to the uniforms that they wear, to the jokes
that they make, it's very very similar to how military people act.
So you should watch that movie and then you'll have a much better idea
about what the Navy is like.